huko domain.com
hi everyone it's been in Time Lord with
hookah domain.com actually doing
something a little different I'm going
to give you the first of a series of
cooking tips and today how to make the
perfect dumplings for chicken and
dumplings well everyone has their own
recipe for the broth for the chicken and
that's what you see in the background
I'm going and book the dumplings there's
two schools of dumplings one are drop
dumplings which are disgusting
and two which takes a little bit more
work but they're more traditional and
better are the rolled or slick dumplings
and phones ringing so we'll go ahead and
tell them to piss off so what you do
with don't things the dough is basically
there are really no measurements you
just take a bag of flour like so and you
put it into your bowl with about two to
three tablespoons of pure butter and
then you start mixing it with two forks
till it gets crumbly then you add a
little bit more flour and play with it
till you get a consistency that kind of
looks like this so it's we're gonna do
is we're gonna go ahead and roll this
out here onto our surface you're gonna
lightly lightly knead it until it comes
together like so then and again
dumplings the traditional way you're
gonna want to do this till you just
start feeling and start to stick to your
hands and the counter and once you get
to that point you're gonna go ahead and
flour the counter a little bit go ahead
and get it here roll it over - you got
it like this now what you're gonna do
you're gonna get yourself I'll be a golf
fuck-off rolling pin I'm gonna go ahead
and flour the rolling pin like so
and you're gonna begin lightly
flattening out the dumpling mixture you
don't want it to get too thin what at
the same time you don't want it to get
too thick either so lightly do this and
we're almost cooking with gas
all right so about right here that's
what we're looking for now what you do
you go ahead and flour it again rub it
out like so then go ahead and take a
pizza cutter or a knife lightly flour
that and start here go all the way up
all the way up all the way up all the
way up this way they do not have to be
perfect as a matter of fact if they're
not perfect that's even better because
it's more traditional and more rustic
then what we're gonna do is the same
thing but the other way in little itty
bitty squares like so
now when you're done with these when
you're done with those you're gonna let
them sit you're nothing sit for a good
30 40 minutes to where they start
getting dried out you want that you also
want this flower to be on the top you
might also want to go ahead if you
really want a dik-dik gravy to go ahead
and reflow at the top of those once your
chicken mixture comes out once you shred
the chicken and all of that then you go
ahead and you start dropping the
dumplings in what will happen is they
will get nice and chewy they'll release
the starches from the flour into the
broth the broth within thicken you won't
get lumps and it would be smegging
delicious so and you can use this type
of dumpling for anything it doesn't
necessarily have to be chicken and
dumplings it can be any kind of Creole
dumplings any kind of traditional slick
dumplings you want to go ahead and use
this if you have any questions further
about how to be exact measurements
because there really aren't any go ahead
and message me on hookah domain.com look
under Fenian Time Lord and go ahead and
message me and if you like hookah that's
also a wonderful community for you you
can join in the forums as you're seeing
by this video hookah domain is not just
for hookah it's for any interest that
one might have and cooking who seems to
be a big interest for a lot of people so
from my kitchen to yours I wish you from
the bottom of my heart
peeps profound and as I always say this
is Binion time Lord with hookah
domain.com smoked if you can't smoke no
more and make these dumplings by
who come to me
dot-com